readme.md, before:

## Laravel PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/downloads.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as authentication, routing, sessions, and caching.

Laravel aims to make the development process a pleasing one for the developer without sacrificing application functionality. Happy developers make the best code. To this end, we've attempted to combine the very best of what we have seen in other web frameworks, including frameworks implemented in other languages, such as Ruby on Rails, ASP.NET MVC, and Sinatra.

Laravel is accessible, yet powerful, providing powerful tools needed for large, robust applications. A superb inversion of control container, expressive migration system, and tightly integrated unit testing support give you the tools you need to build any application with which you are tasked.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the entire framework can be found on the [Laravel website](http://laravel.com/docs).

### Contributing To Laravel

**All issues and pull requests should be filed on the [laravel/framework](http://github.com/laravel/framework) repository.**

### License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

Add the description to the project

readme.md, after:

TEAMLAND
========

Currently, work platforms exist in groups, assignments and embodiments thereof. These platforms allow us to create group projects, adding members, allowing the assignment of tasks and provide evidence of compliance with these, however, none of these platforms is aimed at the student / teacher interaction in universities, referring specifically to project management software.

For the reasons mentioned above, born TeamLand, it will be a web platform oriented project management software among students and teachers in universities.

One of the main features that provide TeamLand, will introduce students to the management and implementation of concepts such as homework assignments, taking into account time management, allocation of roles and an equitable distribution of work, as well as lists Post, among others.

In addition, some of the features that allow TeamLand facing the teacher or tutor is the ability to continuously monitor the team members to assess their performance and development over the course of the project.


### Language
**PHP 5.5**

###Framework
**Laravel Framework 4.2**

### Database
**MongoDB 3.0**

### Contributors
**Narciso Nuñez**

**Leticia Reyes**

**Ronny Zapata**
